you
What identity is it?
Why does King Shura seem so respectful to you?
Ah, King Shura
approachable and upright
Zhao Dejin's behavior completely angered his bottom line
And he feels guilty about us
Naturally, it is also respectful
Not to mention
His boss is the legendary Wu Weijun
Under his command
How can you allow your subordinates to run amok?
bully
Qiuxue trust me
One day you will accept me again
Give it to me.
Give me back the schoolbag.
My mom says poor kids like you
You are not qualified to go to school with us at all
My dad said that if he sold one of your dirty clothes
If you don't eat, then I'll stay away from him
I heard they make money by selling their bodies
Isn't he a little wild boy?
Don't insult my mom, don't let me say it, I'll say it
Composition my father, isn't he Xiaoyun?
Where did the mother come from
Maybe he has a bunch of dads hahaha
Give me back my schoolbag
Hahahahaha
yang yang
Why are you bullying my Yaoyao like this?
I'm just telling the truth. Are you pissing me off?
So many mouths at a young age
Why do you still want to hit my son?
This little bastard has no father, who doesn't know
You stinky fish seller
Can send him to a noble school
In addition to going out, there are other profitable businesses
Again
My son, he told the truth. What's wrong?
You are not allowed to say my mother
You are not allowed to call me a little wild
Yo little beast and after
You are an unnecessary little bastard
Your mother is a stinky fish seller
The smell of fish up and down is disgusting
I don't know the aristocratic image of the upper class
How did you get in the way of a lowly person like you?
My son has touched so many things
Go back, we have to wash our hands well with disinfectant
Say it again.